Location:In the Agustin system, near Imeatheus
Time: May 7, cycle 197

In the world of pirates, it is taken for granted that the members of the Appro-Light Council hang their heads and sell their technology, which is supposedly all developed by the Hegemony in conjunction with Tri-Tachyon. Appro-Light is just an external organization, an insignificant puppet, the damn Borken Foundation does not provide them with any technical support. The Council's fancy, old-century hippie ships were a real turn-off to the pirates.

--foolish and eye-opening opinion.

It is true that openly or secretly, the Hegemony and Tri-Tachyon have not shown any sanctions against the behavior of the council; a person would think there is something fishy here. But in the eyes of some deranged rebels, the Council has yet to be completely stripped of its veil of light and is just a group of fools who can't afford to expand their power.

Even though Tri-Tachyon is a well-known large corporation, there will always be some traitors within its ranks who do not know what fear is. As an example, the top boss of the Council used to work for Tri-Tachyon; as another example, the current group of Tri-Tachyon rebels who are dragging a cruise ship carrying a portable ecosystem around to kill and pillage, living a pirate's style.

Who would have expected the horrible single strength of the Appro-Light Council? Or rather, who would have taken the pirates' fiasco for granted. The main group of Tri-Tachyon rebels said that in a time of war between the Sindrian Diktat and the Hegemony, the council settled on a planet that was once a colony of the Hegemony. Surely they must also be tired of defending themselves against these interstellar wars that could come to their doorstep any moment.

But the rebels, in their zeal, ran into the blackened guns of the Council - and they had the misfortune to run into the fleet of the Council's supreme leader, Speaker Truth Originem, who was preparing for an operation in a Hegemony system.

Now, you are standing in the center of the flagship bridge, all systems are working properly, all ships are standing by. And you will prove to be a competent fleet commander under the watchful eye of the Speaker.
You open the fleet public channel, "Attention all ships, leave no one behind."