Location: A Mothership near the Night's Watch in the Agustin system
Time:June 6, cycle 199

"Damn it, the experiment failed! Everyone, run!" The man gritted his teeth as a warning popped up on the panel, and the alarm went off inside the ship. I'll stay here." A few pale shipmates were even more overwhelmed by what they heard." Leave me alone!" The man shouted angrily, scaring the few crew members into fleeing out in a hurry. The man watched the men flee the bridge, then stared hard at the display in front of him.

The "imported technology" of the Council of Appro-Light is excellent, such as this virtual device that can automatically arrange and project data into reality, it has more intelligence, according to the database can be a regular set of data into a human understandable pattern. Let's say you input a set of hybrid DNA data, it will compare and deduce the complete individual of that DNA, and show the operator what is most likely to be. But this is now a situation that no one expected.

"The Knights Arbiter... What kind of monster did you conjure up..." The man stared intently at the slowly emerging figure in the light screen, knowing full well what he had entered, his heart at the moment filled with apprehension along with the countless red warnings on the light screen. He knew he would meet her eventually, as did his boss, and she had long since planted the black seed in their hearts that could never be erased -- but he hadn't expected it to come so quickly.

The alarm bell gradually subsided, and his lips began to tremble: "Experiment code name: Time Metamorphosis."

The man's voice gradually calmed, and the few crew members who should have fled appeared again in the middle of the bridge, "Experiment operator: Appro-Light Council secondary operator, clone number 108411 ." Their eyes were empty, and crazy. He, they, knelt on both knees, their bodies prostrated, pilgrimages, offering the noblest salute to that light screen.

"We, who will offer our lives for your arrival."

"Then, please step together into the abyss of mutual mesmerization." In the light screen, that beautiful and slender light blonde girl, slowly opened her eyes.