Location: Near Maxer Black Hole
Date: 193.09.19

In the battle 3 days ago, the Hegemony's suppression fleet crushed the proud Hellwaker fleet of the Goat's Skull, and the fleet chose to scatter and retreat. You, on the other hand, have been informed by the Strategic Council that they have asked you to bring back the detection data from the Hellwaker's cargo intact to [REDACTED]. This is the main purpose of the operation, which should have been completed by the Trample.

Shortly after your Fire of Desire 3rd Detachment receives the final transfer of items from the flagship Trample, commanded by your superior, Mimeio, the Trample is confirmed lost. Your fleet begins to attempt to use the Maxer's gravitational slingshot to go directly to the Maxer outer hyperspace jump point and use it to enter hyperspace, using the backup fleet's ring-level hyperspace acceleration to get away from the Hegemony fleet.

Unfortunately, it is not until you start to enter the slingshot orbit that a fleet of Hegemony fleets appears behind Maxer. They took advantage of the signal deflection caused by Maxer's super-gravity; causing your sensors to completely miss them.

However, thanks to the initiative of your science officer, who managed to calculate the parameters for a transverse axis jump with normal assistance, the fleet can now initiate a hyperspace jump.

The crew is believed to be clear of the suppression fleet that was in pursuit.
 
A moment ago, you were staring at the frantic alarms of the fleet fuel gauge. And now, you see a fluctuation in the hyperspace link. You stand up and try to read the fluctuation graph. It doesn't look quite right. It seems to be a fluctuation far in excess of the usual, something that the transverse jump is not designed around. You have reason to think that this image indicates that your fleet has been subjected to a "spatial blockade". It appears that someone has achieved a transverse vibration of the same frequency as you, causing a violent tremor in space.

If the transverse jump were to be used now, your ship would be torn into irregularly sized spinning spiral pieces.

"We are about to encounter Detachment XI of the Hegemony's Suppression Fleet," your adjutant reports.



