Location: Over Spectre Nexus, Agustin star system
Time: May 1, cycle 196

For pirates, the Agustin system is a dumping ground for pirates, with stars emitting extremely high levels of radiation, planetary debris and asteroid belts scattered throughout the system, and only one planet that can barely be transformed into a suitable place for pirates to live. Despite this harsh environment, hyperspace extremely close to the system's ion cloud also obscured most of Agustin's signal, enough to make the planet "Acupuncture Point" hidden from view.

By chance, however, a pirate fleet accidentally broke through a film of electromagnetic interference as it approached the star and scanned for a planet's signal, something that had not occurred on previous surveys of the system. Curious, they approach there and discover a giant gaseous planet and a small space station, the Night's Watch. They quickly turned off radar, transponders and other communication devices and bypassed the Night Watcher and made their way to the interior of the system. They found the "Spectre Nexus", a heavily polluted planet, and received a communication signal from this mysterious organization, the "Council of Appro-Light". Unable to stand the loneliness, they quickly broadcast the signal to the entire sector, and severely ridiculed the "Night Watchman" of the Council of Appro-Light - negligence that caused the leakage of information.

The Council was forced to surface, and the rapidly assembling defense fleet demonstrated their solid military strength. They had to send a message to the Sector that they would be a tough opponent for both Tri-Tachyon and the Hegemony!

The Appro-Light Scholar AL Original will join the battle and face the entire pirate fleet with five destroyers and a frigate.

On paper, the council fleet seems heavily outnumbered: but for the captain Bob Roland, the elimination of these ruffians is a piece of cake. As a former Persean League mercenary, he has a hundred ways to deal with these former colleagues.
